:bg:plainblacklol
:teathink: So, there a reason why we're in the shady part of town?
:teathink: I mean the SHADIER part of town.
:teathink: Actually every part in town is kinda shady-
:feversmile: We've been getting strange complaints.
:feversmile: Supposively, there's been word of a "monster" lurking in some of the decret...
:feverworry: Decrent... uh... Decrept...
:teaneutral: I think the word you're looking for is "decrepit."
:feversmile: Yeah that! The "decrepent" buildings on this side of town.
:feversmile: This part of town hasn't been renovated like the others, so it's still a bit... dusty.
:feverpointtwo: Luckily, there's no such things as monsters, so I'm guessing it's just some silly rumor created by the kids on the playground!
:teaannoy: You... do realize that I'm from space, right?
:teatwo: And... you yourself are a demon. In fact, last week we had an encounter with a shapeshifter.
:feverpointtwo: Your point?
:teaneutral: Ugh, nevermind. Let's just get this over with. You sure this the right building
:feverconfuse: I can't say for sure. Every building on this side of town looks the goddamn same. Is there a light switch?
:teathink: Can't you summon some cool demon fire magic or something?
:feversilly: The only fire I can summon is from my love for you.
:teathink: I dunno... probably not as hot as actual fire...
:feversilly: I can prove it.
:teaflirt: Here we go.
:weenormal: Did someone say fire?
:feverscared: HUH? It's-
:feversmile: Oh, it's just some kid.
:feversmile: Or, a cat. A kid cat..
:song:starBabyinst
:weenormal: Sup.
:feversmile: Uh, hey. You uh, live here?
:weenormal: Maybe I do. Why, you here to kick me out?
:feversmile: Nah, that's not my job. My job is to just beat up people if need be and kick them out of town.
:feversmile: ...oh wait, that kind of is my job.
:feversmile: Uh, I also respond to challenges for my title.
:teaneutral: Proud of you babe.
:teaneutral: ...
:teaneutral: Hey, don't I know you?
:weenormal: ?
:weenormal: Oh, shit- Tea? I was wondering if you were actually in this town or not.
:feverconfuse: Huh? You know the cat?
:teaneutral: Yeah, Wee and I used to hang out whenever I visited the space hubs.
:teathink: If I remember correctly, that was a LONG time ago.
:feverconfuse: Space hubs? That's like the space customs right?
:feverworry: (Fuck, I hope he doesn't recognize my face...)
:weewhat: So you're the guy dating Tea?
:feverconfuse: Uhm.
:weewhat: ...
:weenormal: You seem okay.
:feverworry: Uh, cool.
:feversmile: Well, if I were to guess, whoever made the report must've mistaken Wee for a monster or something.
:feversmile: Makes sense, I thought Tea was a monster when we first met in town.
:weenormal: A monster? Oh yeah, I think I've seen something like that around. They're cool. I think.
:weenormal: But uh, yo, that a microphone?
:teathink: Hm. I already see where this is going.
:feverconfuse: I dunno... I'm kind of on a schedule here...
:bg: wolfiewee
:weenormal: Afraid that I'm gonna destroy you in front of your girl?
:feverpointtwo: Oh nah- now you've said too much!
:feverpointtwo: I'm about to send you back to the pound! Come on Tea, let's show him how strong my flow is!
:fuckoff:
:teaannoy: ...bruh.