:teathink: So, there a reason why we're in the shady part of town?
:teathink: I mean the SHADIER part of town.
:feversmile: We've been getting strange complaints.
:feversmile: Supposively, there's been word of a "monster" lurking in some of the decret...
:feverworry: Decrent... uh... Decrept...
:teaneutral: Decrepit.
:feversmile: Yeah that! The Decrepit buildings on this side of town.
:feverpoint: Luckily, there's no such things as monsters, so I'm guessing it's just some silly rumor created by the kids on the playground!
:teaannoy: You... do realize that I'm from space, right?
:teatwo: And... you yourself are a demon. In fact, last week we had an encounter with a shapeshifter.
:feverworry: Your point?
:teaneutral: Ugh, nevermind. Let's just get this over with. You sure this the place?
:feverconfuse: I can't say for sure. It's way too dark in here. I wish we had a light.
:teathink: Can't you summon some cool demon magic or something?
:feversilly: The only fire I see is from how hot you are.
:wolfiesmile: Did someone say fire?
:feverscared: HUH? It's-
:feversmile: Oh, it's just some kid.
:feversmile: And a cat.
:song:thrillerinst
:weenormal: Sup.
:wolfiesmile: We weren't doing anything bad!
:wolfiehuh: This is just our secret hideout... we weren't expecting people to find out about us...
:feversmile: Well, this place isn't exactly the most safe, so-
:teaneutral: Hey, don't I know you?
:weenormal: ?
:weenormal: Oh, shit- Tea?
:feverconfuse: Huh? You know the cat??
:teaneutral: Yeah, Wee and I used to hang out whenever I visited the space hubs.
:teathink: If I remember correctly, that was a LONG time ago.
:teaneutral: And this must be Wolfie, his boyfriend.
:feverconfuse: You're dating a cat?
:weewhat: So what. Aren't you dating a bunny?
:teablush: Ha.
:feverworry: Okay, OKAY-
:feversmile: Well, I guess they must've mistaken Wee for a monster or something. Makes sense, I thought Tea was a monster when we first met.
:wolfiesmile: A monster? Sounds rad!
:weenormal: You're cute when you're excited.
:wolfiehuh: Bro...
:teaneutral: They remind me of us.
:feversmile: Aww, this is a nice change for once... Here I thought I was gonna have to battle someone, but this is pretty chill.
:weenormal: Yo, that a microphone?
:wolfiesmile: Oh, since you're here, how about we sing together?
:feverconfuse: I dunno... I'm kind of on a schedule here...
:bg: wolfiewee
:wolfiewee: Afraid that we're just a better couple than you?
:wolfiehuh: WEE-
:feverpointtwo: Oh nah- now you've said too much!
:feverpointtwo: I'm about to send you back to the pound! Come on Tea, let's show them how strong our love is!
:fuckoff:
:teaannoy: ...bruh.