:hunnimad: Wha-
:desmile: Hey.
:hunnimad: What...
:hunnimad: What did you do to my bunnies-
:desmile: Oh, nothing much.
:desmile: I just figured they'd be doing better off if they followed my flow some more.
:demonpoint: Besides, this could be a fun way of me making up for missing your show.
:impy: Hah.
:hunnimad: What's so funny? Cherry, take them back!
:impy: Aww. But I'm really comfortable in this spot.
:hunnimad: WE'RE ON A MOVING LIMO?
:impy: And the songs are so soothing...
:foodietihappy: I gotta agree. I'm falling asleep behind the wheel!
:hunnimad: I'm going to tear your limbs off one by one.
:foodietiangry: HEY LEAVE ME THE FUCK OUTTA THIS!
:hunnimad: I'M NOT TALKING TO YOU. GOD.
:hunnimad: WHY IS EVERYONE IN THIS TOWN INSANE?
:defrown: Come on- I'm trying to make it up to you here.
:hunnimad: You think that YOU can entertain me with your idea of a weak ass show? Even after all that, you wanna humiliate me some more?
:defrown: I SAID I WAS SORRY.
:defrown: Seriously, this town is FULL of people from space, and you think I'm still lying to you?
:defrown: You don't even REALIZE the shit I went through while in prison. I'm lucky they haven't even found me yet!
:hunnimad: You're insane.
:defrown: I'm not! I'm-
:hunnimad: You were always crazy. And stupid. And loud. And didn't know when to shut up.
:hunnimad: And yet, right now, as much as I want to strangle you...
:hunnimad: I just.. fucking can't. I can't.
:hunnimad: If you're telling the truth, and I can still hardly believe you, then this was all just a waste of time.
:hunnimad: But I really HOPE you are. That point of my life, having to tackle crowds, wondering if my friend would ever show up...
:defrown: I really, really wanted to make it.
:defrown: You think this star is just a fashion accessory? I literally CANNOT remove this. I have to sleep with this little reminder that I'm being hunted.
:hunnimad: ...
:desmile: At least it looks cool.
:impy: Yeah it looks rad.
:desmile: Thanks Cherry.
:foodietiangry: I think I'm gonna fucking vomit.
:hunnimad: I can't believe this.
:hunnimad: Ugh.
:hunnismile: Whatever. I'll listen to your dumbass story of "space travels"
:hunnismile: What could they even want from you? You're a total softie.
:desmile: That's cap and you know it.
:hunnismile: Fuck it. It'd be nice to perform without an audience watching for once.
:hunnismile: I dunno if you can keep up with me, though. I'm probably leagues above you now.
:demonpoint: Let's see. You first.