:defrown: Well, this is it.
:bg: prayerBG
:narrator: This... is Fever Town Church.
:narattor: Or at least what's left of it.
:takieyesopen: ...
:defrown: Hey, I never said it would be pretty.
:teaworry: This place is creeping me out.
:teaworry: I feel like someone's watching us...
:desmile: Well, we ARE in the presence of God.
:teaannoy: Speaking of, aren't you a demon? Shouldn't this place be burning you alive or something?
:desmile: You'd be surprised how many demons choose to have God as who they follow.
:defrown: I don't really understand it, but I guess I'm in no place to really judge.
:takieyesopen: ?...
:defrown: This place has been run-down for a LONG time.
:defrown: When I first came to Fever Town, it was... empty. Abandoned buildings everywhere, a ghost town. Hell, I have no idea why I stayed.
:desmile: But I did, and after some cleaning up, more and more people came. And let me say, back then, it was barely as pretty as it is now.
:desmile: I kinda miss those days.
:teathink: So, what WAS the reason for you coming to some random spot in the middle of nowhere?
:defrown: ...
:defrown: It's a long story. Weird, too.
:teaneutral: Yeah, I'm beginning to realize that's common here huh?
:takieyesopen: ...
:takismile: ~
:desmile: See? I knew she'd like the place.
:teaneutral: Oh sure, what isn't there to like? She'll have plenty of company, too.
:teaneutral: Like that roach over there. And that one. And that bird carcass.
:teaneutral: ...
:teaneutral: Y'know, when she isn't yelling about sending us to the front gates, she's kind of cute, in a way.
:takibouttakillu: 
:teaworry: HEY, OKAY I TAKE IT BACK-
:takibouttakillu: 
:defrown: Oh, he just wants to sing some more.
:teaworry: You got that just from her expression? And why are you so calm about all of this?
:desmile: I mean, I had the feeling he wasn't all that bad from when we sang earlier.
:teaannoy: She... tried to slice you in half.
:desmile: Babe, I'm a demon. Stuff like that is super normal for us. People hunting us down, I mean.
:teaannoy: ...
:teaneutral: Yeah okay, whatever.
:teaneutral: I'll pick something nice.
:desmile: Kay.