:bg:plainblacklol
:teathink: So, what crazy shit are we dealing with today?
:teathink: Psychotic nun? Talking fruit? Horny shapeshifter? Dealing with the raccoons?
:feverconfuse: This one's new. Someone in town gave me a letter, and told them to go to this spot at this time.
:teaneutral: So, you're just gonna do it?
:feversmile: Might as well. Not like I had much to do.
:feverconfuse: Call me crazy, but I feel like this handwritings familiar... letter smells nice, too.
:feversmile: And anyways, I kinda have to, y'know.
:teaannoy: That rule where you HAVE to accept all challenges is pretty lame.
:feverworry: Yeah, yeah- I know, hell. I'll change it soon, maybe after this.
:feversmile: Let's just go.
:narrator: ...
:feversmile: There sure are a lot of limos in this parking lot.
:teathink: Maybe someone famous is in town?
:feversmile: Oddly enough, Fever Town IS a hot vacation spot...
:teaneutral: Probably cause rules are so scarce here. Anyone can come into Fever Town, do shady shit, then probably leave without any repercussions.
:fevertired: Thanks for making me feel better about the way I run things.
:narrator: ???: If you're tired of running, how about we give you a ride?
:feverconfuse: Huh?
:bg: hunni
:song: honeyinst
:hunnismile: Sup, Fever.
:feverscared: Huh, wait, YOU?...
:teaneutral: Oh? Who's this?
:hunnismile: So you're Tea. I've heard a bit about the both of you together already. Taking the world by storm, huh?
:hunnismile: I'm Hunni, but there's no need to tell you my name.
:hunnismile: Cause after I beat you, the rest of the world will soon know.
:hunnismile: Cherry here WOULD have just opened a portal to your location, but I forgot about the demon rule.
:teaneutral: Uh, what's the demon rule?
:feverworry: It's that demons can't summon a portal to another demons location. Cause y'know, it'd be rude for someone trying to take anothers soul to butt in.
:teathink: Oh, so Hunni's also a demon?
:hunnismile: Me? That's cute. Let me introduce Cherry.
:impy: Hey Fever. What's up?
:feverworry: Oh, y'know. Just... getting by.
:impy: Sweet.
:teatwo: Wait, but she has a halo...
:impy: I'm half angel, too.
:teatwo: WHAT- HOW DOES THAT MAKE ANY SENSE?
:impy: About as much sense as a demon dating a bunny.
:teaworry: Uh- okay, got me there.
:impy: Anyways, it's been a while huh Fever? Doesn't seem like you got much taller from the last time we met, though.
:feverpointtwo: Not fair to say that when you're on top of that limo.
:hunnismile: Then why dont you two hurry up and get on already? Unless you're already intimidated by our aura?
:feversilly: Pfft, intimidated? As if! Tea and I are a power couple, there's nothing that could-
:teatwo: EUGH.
:teatwo: WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?
:feverconfuse: Huh? What are what?
:teatwo: Those... large, fluffy, white creatures. They look like...
:feverconfuse: You mean the bunnies?
:hunnismile: Aren't they beautiful? Every one of them answer to me, and me only.
:hunnismile: I guess you can say I'm their leader in a way.
:feversmile: That's cute. Y'know, once you get past the fact they're freakishly large. Reminds me of...
:teatwo: Why do ya'll have my ancestors enslaved???
:teaannoy: Yeah, no, I'm out.
:feverscared: Tea? Hey, wait- where are you going???
:teaannoy: I'm gonna be sick. I'll see you back home, Fever.
:narrator:. . .
:hidebgg:
:hunnismile: Power couple, huh?
:feverpointtwo: You know it!
:hunnismile: I wasn't expecting this either... but hey, this just tips the scales in my favor. Not like you had any chance against me anyway.
:feverpointtwo: I don't need someone backing me up to win! Tea's just a bonus!
:feversilly: A very, very hot bonus.
:hunnismile: I can respect that mentality. I'm also used to having the most lovely individual in the world cheering me on~.
:impy: Aww! Hunni-
:hunnismile: This cute bunny! And this one, and this one! Come to me! You're all gonna dance so well!
:impy: Bitch.
:feverpointtwo: Whatever! You can have them cheer you on all you want, it won't make a difference either way!
:hunnismile: You sure are confident. Reminds me of an earlier time, huh?
:feverworry: Hunni...
:foodietiangry: GET THE FUCK OFF MY CAR OR I WILL PISS MYSELF.
:feverpointtwo: Huh? Who was-
:hunnismile: The driver, obviously. Don't mind her.
:feverpointtwo: So, this isn't your limo?...
:hunnismile: Well it's my limo now.
:fuckoff:
:foodietiangry: I'm going to have an anuerysm.