:bg:plainblacklol
:song:heartbeat
:narrator: How long have I been here?
:narrator: Days are getting longer. I can't tell how much time has passed.
:narrator: Physically, I'm fine besides a few scratches.
:narrator: But mentally? I think I'm going insane.
:narrator: They force us to withstand extreme conditions everyday, but it's never consistent.
:narrator: Some days I'm sweating my ass off. Other days, I have to deal with the harsh cold.
:narrator: Oh good, just as I was collecting my thoughts, here comes one of the guards.
:deprisoner: I thought I asked you "kind" folks to stop bothering me. I can hardly understand a lick of what you guys are saying.
:deprisoner: Doesn't help either that everytime I think about escaping, the chains around my wrists send a very painful electric shock.
:deprisoner: You guys sure know how to keep prisoners from having an opinion.
:NPC: Bahaha!
:NPC: You forgot the part where those handcuffs of yours are ready to administer a very strong sedative if you so much as TRY to take them off.
:NPC: We wouldn’t want you to get hurt struggling to get free. That’ll look bad for us on the news.
:NPC: Speaking of, tomorrow’s your trial. And I gotta say, it’ll be quite the interesting case.
:NPC: I mean, we’ve never had a trial where we don’t even know the NAME of the defendant! Honestly, I thought we’d torture that out of you quickly.
:NPC: Come on, how about you just tell me? I won't bite.
:deprisoner: There's a special place for you. Hell is too much of a paradise for your kind.
:NPC: You demons are a nasty folk, aren’t you?
:deprisoner: ...
:NPC: I hurt your feelings didn’t I? Don’t worry, I'm sure what they'll do to you tomorrow will make me seem like a slap on the wrist.
:narrator: . . .
:narrator: I've been in this prison for... a while now. I was caught doing the usual activity, but whoever brought me to prison REALLY must hate me, cause I don't even remember doing HALF the things I'm here for.
:narrator: My name? I've kept it low, I don't want any of them to run it on their tongue.
:narrator: But, I have to keep it close to me... my name... is...
:narrator: Fever.
:narrator: Fever...
:narrator: FEVER!
:fuckoff:
:hidebg:
:bg:room
:song:milkteaINST
:teasmile: Hey, wake up!
:feverscaredjump: Huh? What?-
:teasmile: You were having a nightmare. These have been ramping up, haven't they?
:feverconfuse: Oh. Right.
:fevertired: Thanks for waking me up, Tea.
:fevertired: Uh, where was I?
:teasmile: We were heading to bed?
:feversmile : No no, I should finish this work. Keeping this shit piled up will annoy me.
:teaannoy: What, so you can drool on those papers some more? I can barely read whos name this is. You drowned them.
:feverworry: Uh, oops...
:teasmile: Ugh.
:teasmile: There’s no need to rush things, you know.
:fevertired: Yeah, yeah, I know. I wish I could sleep without jolting awake a few minutes in.
:teathink: And I still wish you’d tell me more.
:fevertired: I will, soon. Sorry, it’s just annoying.
:teaneutral: Well, I can think of a way we can help you relax.
:fuckoff:
:feversilly: Oh yeah? It's been a while since we've done this, huh?